# Nourish International E-letter### Who?This html/css was written by Bianca Morris to be used by Nourish International Wellesley, a student organization at Wellesley College dedicated to alleviating global poverty.### What?This is an email newsletter, meant to be sent and received via gmail, the email client of choice for the college.### When?Spring 2015### Why?As Director of Communications for the Nourish International Wellesley Chapter, it’s my job to improve and maintain relationships within and without the organization. After having achieved high success with our 2015 Giving Challenge fundraiser (we raised $1,275), we wanted to come up with something really special to thank the people who donated to our cause.### How?I completed this project using mostly HTML, and some in-line CSS. Note that this project was completed with entirely self-taught knowledge; I have had no formal training in HTML/CSS. No framework was used to structure this document, since as far as I know, tables are the most consistently supported method for structuring email documents. At this point in time, I had no training in responsive design, so I hacked together a way to make it work on different browser sizes by defining widths and heights with percentages. This makes the document behave a little strangely on extremely wide monitor sizes, since the images all scale to be a specific portion of the page width. To see what I'm talking about here, check it out at the link at the bottom. ```View it in-browser (here)[https://dash.generalassemb.ly/Ballyn/build-your-own-personal-website].```